hey guys welcome to gamescom 2012 well
the one of the big press conferences
just finished its electronic arts or as
Chris calls it electronic a the
electronic electronic age palladium or
as the germans called palladium we got
we're learning a lot of different
pronunciations we learned it was a
concert venue right from the start they
showed off army of two the devils cartel
with this just like so much base it
makes the art aren't your arm hairs
raised it's a special worry about your
internal organs functioning properly
there's a level of base only legal here
in germany mm-hmm not Eagle anywhere
else so they showed odd the devil's
cartel off lots of gun shooting with
alpha and Bravo I guess you have two new
guys over crossed my two engine yep
overkill which is basically like super
bullet mode you can activate it and then
your bullets explode things and
everyone's like oh so sexy the second
game out the gate he was NHL 13 big here
in Europe apparently no one told me but
you know about NHL I was really excited
because they had a guy like roller blade
on stage and full hockey get up straight
towards Peter more I was sure he was
gonna get laid out but they didn't
happen those kind of the gloves came off
but there was no cross-check yeah they
got a whole revamped skating system in
there that they were touting as well as
a whole bunch of international leagues
and that that online dynasty play with
up to 30 teams and 750 players so just
really doubling down on that sort of
massive connectivity with one of the
salient themes of the whole press
conference okay I want to talk about one
game I throw out all of my journalistic
integrity you know and partiality about
which is neither speech I love a little
bit game looks so good was that you with
the squealing that was me bro yeah get
into that and yeah it looks really good
though there was a new gameplay based on
on the take down so I mean very burnout
ask there was a new feature called try
out from file compete which leads your
progress across multiple systems so that
was about being able to improve your
ranking by playing the iOS game a lot of
this talk specifically about which game
is going to be but that was the kind of
general concept yes spinpoint being the
through line through all that yeah just
compile that across all with a bunch of
different platform
Android as well one of the cool features
if you one of the themes of the game is
smashing through billboards you smash
through that billboard you get your face
but on it other people's games you can
see your friends when you're traveling
around the city that's a woman yeah auto
log that you can drive through the there
was a big demo big multiply them off or
crysis 3 as well that's right actually
kind of flashy cuz they its highlight
that it's in a synchronous or
asynchronous but asymmetrical
multiplayer they had nine people on
stage two of which were cast in blue
spotlights seven of which were in red
spot lights that represents two hunters
in nano suits against seven cell
operatives and as the hunters picked off
the operatives they became blue they
became those hunters they got the
Nanosuit powers and so about an hour of
course and the bone are lots and lots of
bow and arrow shooting especially in the
trailer they showed as well but it looks
pretty cool yeah and did they give us a
date on that one i believe so don't
think i have it in front of me um no i
don't think i have it but we'll get it
on screen maybe I think that was a thing
for everything februari March I grow
much from uh yeah that was that was a
popular time dead space 3 did get
official dates that were februari 8th in
Europe and februari fifth in North
America and they should have they showed
what appeared to be a demo but looked
there are very few moments with a player
like a direction playing life is one of
these the whole place is exploding
you're running through kind of but now
you're getting thrown around and then
you know falling through upper orbit had
you know dodging things on this one of
those sort of a skydiving thing yeah
yeah it was a wizard and you know one of
the big action set pieces that work so
well in this environment I think you
know it's gonna be another excuse of
dead space fans to say it's not survival
horror it was a nice it was a nice
segment where eyes it was you know he
was getting sucked out into space and
then he had to assemble his soup while
he was in space essentially which was a
nice a nice touch one of the new
features for that is gonna be able to
build your own weapons and they're
encouraging people to contribute their
crazy ideas to their website and in
getting the game yeah and you can get
your likeness in the game I don't know
if they're gonna like put your face on
like a necromorph but or something
horrible or you're gonna be one of the
arms it sprouts out or how
are actually going to get in there but
yeah parently can do that on the
official site so so now submit your
crazy ideas right now and as Chris edits
out in February and then fee for online
three system at some of my stuff before
13s matchday so there was a big as the
producer David resto said it was a real
big season in the UK in the UK in
English football last year it's going to
be reacting more more realistically to
dynamic setups like that where it was
man city vs manchester united apart from
that it's pretty much fifa business as
usual I think demo out demo out was the
demo is out just like early September
down the game comes out least I want to
say sensibly the 11th epic get a set
time to the 11th in the game without the
end of sep tember yep so so yeah that's
fifa 13 and and they talked a little bit
about fifa online 3 that's more for the
korean market and i think that pretty
much does it does it for the it also
mentioned there's a demo coming out next
week for NHL 13 go on xbox live and PSN
and that there's registration you
register online it's SimCity dot
official website dotnet you can get on
in line for the official beta which they
apparently have limited slots so
opportunities to get your hands on those
games get into those games before they
actually come out there made a few
mentions of those but yeah bowzar rap
here for EA at gamescom 2012